imagine you had a favorite food
like say well and showpiece then
let's say you had the
opportunity to rocket through a
swarm of your favorite food
just open your mouth and letting
it leap in that's life for these
playful galapagos penguins in
the waters off the Galapagos
Islands
the Penguins drive the anchovy
swarm into a shoal of shallow
water punching the throng even
tighter making the Pickens even
easier of course every party
needs a pooper in this case the
poopers are pelicans who make
like dive bombers to get in on
some of this feasting
the pelicans water-filled
pouches are too heavy to lift
and they're too greedy to let go
and soap in a classic case of
taking lemons and making
lemonade the Penguins pickoff
anchovies from the beaks of
these pelicans sitting ducks in
front of them only when the
pelicans back off on their
gluttony and let go of some of
their catch can a surface and
enjoy the bounty and their peace
leaving the end shall be banquet
down below once more to these
gleeful gluttons